# Patrick Murphy - Project 1
## Technologies Used
The bulk of the site is put together with HTML and CSS. The JavaScript functions are limited to the dropdown menu in the nav bar, the image carousel and modal on the bio page, the brief contact form on the projects page. My welcome animation came from a site that featured many different kinds of text animations. I chose one that I felt fit the page, and while I do not think I could have come up with this one if I didn't have outside resources available, I went though each line and removed it to see how it would effect the animation so I had a better understanding of what the code was doing. I can't say with any real certainty that I know _ _why_ _ each line does what it does, but I generally know their impact on the animation.

## Approach Taken
I wanted my site to me streamlined and easily navigable - no guessing as to where anything is or what does what. I went for a bit of a minimal design here, as I sometimes find patterned backgrounds and multiple animations/colors distracting. Colors can be grea to highlight specific things on the page, but I wanted a neutral look that worked and made sense. I was...mostly successful.

## Unresolved Issues
I tried to get some hovering to work on the images using a js function, but it behaved strangely and went with a "click and hold" which isn't very intutive but worked in a pinch. My projects page was very difficult in terms of responsive design - I had originally built it as two columns; one for the screenshots and the other for the descriptions. This didn't work on the narrower mobile screen, so I just made two divs with the same info - one that displays at one screen width, and a second that displays on a narrower screen width. I felt that I should have rebuilt the page so that I wouldn't have two code blocks with the same info, but considering the time I had left and how it actually turned out looking okay on mobile, I'm happy with it as a band-aid.